where will be errors are located in compilation stages.
 what is the linker process.after linker what is the next stage
on a bus many nodes are there, how will they know other node's presence 
 when malloc will fail and what will happen
a.1) to check the status of the key
a.2) by using the status of key, make the LED ON and OFF
Have u faced any arbitaration issues in your projcet.

how to access global variables and static variables in another files?

how to represent  negative values?
How to identify the msb 8 bits data is 0xaa or not in a given integer ?
Create a structure with members are int type and pointer type,
 create memory for structure  by using dma calls and assign value and deallocate the memory for it

Tell me a real time experience of debugging example.

3.5amp how do you feed in to embedded c

Explain about multi master functionality in my project.


if you have two transmitter with same frequency how to communicate

How receiver listening different transmitters.


How did you simulate your project?

Timer logic to turn on LED every 5ms sec and turn off

Counter logic turn to on LED for every 5ms and turnoff

How initializing timer for each 5 sec

Do you use float data type in embedded c?
How can we use float values without float data type



15. How do you diagnose when two ECU's connected to cancasexl with two different channel and having errors on can bus.

14) MCDC and Model advisor Checks?


write a program to write and read the data to and from the file by using two function read and write call those functions by using function pointer.


file.c

		int a
		void fun()
		{
			a=20;
		}


		file1.c
		int fun1()
		{
			a=10;
		}

		main.c

		int main()
		{
		fun();
		fun1();
		}

will program execute if not why?   How solve the problem  if yes he ask some questions





how you will send a message for every 100ms,with program explanation
13.how the setTimer() function will works





union u
{
int x;
char y;
};
It is possible to allocate memory only for variable y ?It is possible to initialize the value for both varaibles x and y ?


Use of Targetlink the 


Logical question:if two wires A and B are present if i burn two wires it will take 1hr but i want calculat at 45th minute,how much it burned.


What happen when two CAN nodes are sending same identifier at a same time?